snapshot: disable diff snapshots support (#2097)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: docs/snapshotting/snapshot-support.md

## Creating snapshots

Now that the microVM is paused, you can create a snapshot. Full snapshots always

> create a complete, resume-able snapshot of the current microVM state and memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
create a complete, resumable snapshot of the current microVM state and memory.
```

Author: done
